Takahiko Kozuka is currently the top
It is the fifth group last run
It was 3 months ago that I opened the way to the Olympics at Saitama Super Arena
This short led me to the Olympics
Machida says it 's east of Eden
I cut my own destiny
Short program with such a message
Better the sash
I will entrust my dream to the east of Eden
I want to stick to a more detailed expression that is the feeling of this city
If you do so, you will definitely receive 100% of the thoughts you want to convey
Machida has also talk so
It is east of Eden
First Jean 4 rotation
With 4-turn toe loop
I should come through I got in at the shank
Tsu birds plus
Prime set
It will not calm
goo
A program dedicated to the details
Is a Germany
Mazda's moon market
And definitely
It is a masterpiece that remains in the history of one figure skate
I still like being in the program
Wonderful performance yeah
Machida was waiting for
I think the landscape is probably this landscape
Become the best stage of your skate life
I was looking forward to this world championship
Saitama Super Arena etc. from the four directions
A big cheer is falling into Machida
Wonderful mom was a wonderful program
No true because the appearance of that anymore is went to this really strong carefully and reliably
One whole program
It was wonderful as a finished work.
I feel that Para is getting the feeling that I really gained confidence by experiencing the Takada Olympics
Yes
It has been leading the way in both grammar mature player this season his power this acting
I felt that I was watching it now
I see
And after it's over, Mr. Honda didn't almost come on the bridge .
On the contrary, it was also impressive but it is really from the beginning to the end
I think it's a part cut in or out
And so is the skill of the whole program, but there is nothing to put a minus
I 'll do almost everything so wonderful
It was another step to the fifth place medal at the Sochi Olympics
Just not the case But I aim for the person you guess this medal, of course enough this
I want to make the program come to fruition
This person in such a one who there is we have been focused
Is really good
Outright slip it very short program by car in the form seed
The best masterpiece of the history of Maki Machida has definitely brought fruit here
Now after it became the only wait for a specific towards Machida dream medal
Applause also happens to expect a certain audience from the audience
It was quite hard to believe that he would go to the Olympics four years ago
It was Itamashi to position
4 years later
This self
So how do you accept it
Onishi coach too
I 'm looking forward to scoring after
The self-best 911.18 will definitely hear this particular
Machida bonus 90
18 a in entering
Switched to 52.82
And 5 components are 9 points 4
q 18.21 Large Otake Self-Best Updated
Now at the World Championships held in Japan
Or Sha has decided top stretched waterfall greatly increase its power